I don't want to go into a house.
I don’t want to go into a house. I don’t want to go into a house. I don’t want to go into a house. I don’t want to go into a house. I don’t want to go into a house.
I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family. I don’t want to enter a family.
I want to enter a home.
I don't want to go into a house.
I don't want to go into one. I don't want to go into one.
I don’t want to go into one. I don’t want to go into one. I don’t want to go into one. I don’t want to go into one. I don’t want to go into one.
I don't want to go into a house.
I don't want to go into one. I don't want to go into one.
I don't want to enter a house
Shall we find one?
Let's go slowly